user systemd support (#64)
virtual-kubelet/systemk: README.md

You can restrict the allowed mounts points for the pod's volumes. By default mounts under "/var" are
allowed, but this can be changed via the `--dir` or `-d` flag.

### Running Without Root Permissions

Some work has been done to be able to run `systemk` without root permissions. This means a couple of
things:

> 1. Packages can't be installed, so you'll need to use a path as the image name (See "Binary Exists in

Reviewer: You can use [markdown anchors to link to an existing section](https://gist.github.com/asabaylus/3071099).

Author: yeah, problem is that only works when viewing html...

Reviewer: That's how most people read it, you terminal-fanatic hermit :-p

Reviewer: But fine.

   File System").
2. A user systemd must be running with the same uid as systemk.
3. Systemk must be started with the right set of capabilities:
   `% sudo capsh --caps="cap_chown,cap_setuid,cap_setgid+ep" --user=$UID -- -c "$PWD/systemk -u --kubeconfig $CONFIG"`
   Or an equivalent systemd unit file.
   Note when running a graphical session in Linux you probably have a user systemd already running,
   connecting to that instance requires `cap_sys_admin` to be set as well.

> Note: this support is experimental and we may removed it if it turns to be too cumbersome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** this feature is experimental and we may remove it if it turns to be too cumbersome.
```
